I'll ask, I liked God's hooks.
Oh, thanks.
It's a nebula, I find myself, I don't know.
How does it stack up?
You said you wanted each story, each succeeding story to be better.
Is it better, do you think?
I think I'm more satisfied with it than I am with a lot of stories.
It's about exactly like I wanted it when I started it.
It's got two interesting historical characters in it to give.
Yeah, what amazed me is when I started doing the story is that nobody had thought of it
before.
I mean, because Walton and Bunyan were exact contemporaries, although Bunyan was 30 years
younger.
I mean, they died within four years of each other.
You know, Walton was born in 1593 and died in 1683.
And Bunyan was born in the 20s sometime and died in 88.
You know, and it's amazing that nobody had stuck those together.
And because they did, anytime you look at a survey of English literature, the two books
that are unclassifiable, the only two unclassifiable books in other words are like biographies
and there were like histories and there were beginnings of novels and there were poetry
and plays and all that.
But the only two unclassifiable books they talk about are Pilgrim's Progress and the
Complete Angler.
You know, those are two totally, totally, you know, classical books and they're not
like any other books written that century or before or since, you know.
And it's like they're just, you know, it amazed me that nobody, nobody had put the two together.
And the obvious way to put the two together was, you know, I'm gonna sit in there one
day and I said, I was doing research on Walton and Bunyan and all this.
I said, Walton fish is in the slew of the spawn.
You know, it's obvious, you know, right?
You know, it's just, it's just totally obvious, you know.
And it amazed me that nobody had done it before, especially a British writer, you know, especially
a British writer.
There were lots of people who were capable of doing that, you know, and nobody had done
it.
And it was amazing.
Great.
Okay.
I guess that ought to do it.
Oh, great.
Thank you.
Oh, very much.
Sure.
Appreciate it.
Uh-huh.